Sister, forget it, don't be angry
Mom, it's my birthday tomorrow
I won the game, how are you going to celebrate?
Jiangnan's mother has been so busy these days that she almost forgot.
By the way, Jialan?
It's the same birthday as Wenli
I'll disgrace you when you come
Wen Li's birthday is also that day.
Together?
Wenli, don't be sad.
The thing you were framed for
I will definitely help you investigate it.
Thank you, uncle, but how to investigate?
The video of the stadium waiting area has been deleted
Unable to recover
So the stimulants in your bag now are hard evidence
But I really don't have to pay for stimulants.
I believe you.
But I heard that
Taking cold medicine can also cause the urine test to fail.
I didn't take any cold medicine.
But
Liu Hongtao came to me with cold medicine before the game
Then he probably did it.
If you want to correct Liu Hongtao, you need other evidence
You didn't take cold medicine, it doesn't prove it
Are you not on stimulants?
I have to think about this again
It's hard.
It seems that I will never have the possibility of rejoicing
Maybe what they said to me is not He Lingquan
Might as well leave early
Just in time to celebrate Jianan's birthday
Say goodbye to the teacher
Scum
Even I envy you, see how kind the president is to you
What a grand birthday party
Or look who our scum is
The only daughter of the queen
Just won the USB game again
What was the name of the guy you beat?
call sister
Lin Wulin Wenli is him
It's black boxing and stimulants
A little bastard
Can't even give us scum or carry shoes
Forget it. Forget him.
What mood have you thought about?
Speaking of that woman today, he also came over
But he was just a country bumpkin.
No matter how you dress him up, he's just a pheasant